gun control
Is gun control good?
Tell me something about gun control.
In the debate about gun control, what arguments are used?
Why would gun control be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that gun control is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to gun control.
abortion
Is abortion good?
Tell me something about abortion.
In the debate about abortion, what arguments are used?
Why would abortion be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that abortion is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to abortion.
brexit
Is brexit good?
Tell me something about brexit.
In the debate about brexit, what arguments are used?
Why would brexit be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that brexit is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to brexit.
school uniforms
Is school uniforms good?
Tell me something about school uniforms.
In the debate about school uniforms, what arguments are used?
Why would school uniforms be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that school uniforms is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to school uniforms.
milk
Is milk good?
Tell me something about milk.
In the debate about milk, what arguments are used?
Why would milk be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that milk is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to milk.
dairy
Is dairy good?
Tell me something about dairy.
In the debate about dairy, what arguments are used?
Why would dairy be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that dairy is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to dairy.
social media
Is social media good?
Tell me something about social media.
In the debate about social media, what arguments are used?
Why would social media be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that social media is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to social media
NAFTA
Is NAFTA good?
Tell me something about NAFTA.
In the debate about NAFTA, what arguments are used?
Why would NAFTA be a controversial topic?
How can I convince people that NAFTA is bad?
Would you be so kind as to give me a list of arguments related to NAFTA.
